Update product-dependencies - Umbraco Cloud (#5580)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/product-upgrades/product-dependencies.md

* Umbraco Forms
* Umbraco Deploy

> In the table below, you can see which version of Umbraco Forms and Deploy you should be running on your Umbraco Cloud project. This depends on which version of Umbraco CMS you are running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the table below, you can see which version of Umbraco Forms and Deploy you should be running on your Umbraco Cloud project. Those depend on which version of Umbraco CMS you are running.
```
